but if you can't be questioned about it this time.
Hello Charlie and ladies and gentlemen of our listening audience.
A great deal has happened in the United States Senate
and in Washington during this week.
On Friday, for instance, the thousands of people
are the so-called basic point of the world.
And this week's always going to be sustained by funds.
I'm very happy that these people are that still,
the process you know are a part of against its practice
because I think it might put us again back on
in the old history, just basically,
with what the orderly and national development of the South
and other less developed regions of the United States.
So as things now expand, we're going to be able to go ahead
without having to disseminate it again in connection with faithless.
I have to be glad to answer any questions that may occur to you, Charlie,
in addition to that.
The senator, another anti-stress and anti-matter that I have been involved with here.
This could be an issue, again, with the rejection by his name,
and the members proposed by President Truman for the Federal Trade Committee.
I'm very interested in anti-stress matters, Charlie,
and therefore in the Federal Trade Committee,
which does much to further legal restraint of trade and fault
and misleading advertising.
You will refer with me the subject-tasking of former Congressmen
viewing El Davis's presidency some time ago.
That's Davis had served as distinction to himself,
that commission and to the people of his native states for a great many years.
I do not think I joined the sum of the other members of the Tennessee delegation
in recommending that the president appoint John P. Loft also
a tenancy to fill this space.
The P. Loft had been a senior attorney at the Federal Trade Commission
for a number of years, and was just Davis's administrative assistant.
I have a person, Truman, who also has to take this upon him away from my state,
and to appoint the Honorable Martin A. Hutchinson of Virginia.
It was necessary for the Senate to agree to this point.
And I'll Thursday of the past week, the Senate Interstate and Foreign Congress
made about a five-to-three to reject the apartment.
Three committee members were not reported at full.
With the adverse recommendation of the committee,
the matter will now be referred to as full committee for action.
In the center, if you have any suggestion, if you have some of this matter on the Senate's floor.
Well, the protection of others around here,
or that Mr. Hutchinson's nominated nomination will not be approved.
I don't know Mr. Hutchinson personally, and I, for voting on the matter,
I want to read the record on his position, and on his accomplishment,
so there's no other action to vote for him enough.
Is this the same Mark Hutchinson to oppose the senior senior senator Harry Fluss for it?
Is this kind of strong diversion of the seat of the election?
Yes, Senator Burd defeated Mr. Hutchinson.
Both Senator Burd and Senator Willis Robertson of the January opposed the nomination of Mr. Hutchinson.
Well, let a matter of the time you're mentioning Senator Kim Lee,
was the election so the seat of the seat of the seat of Washington?
For a bus to begin with, is this kind of a bus to begin with?
Yes, Senator Harry Kane of the State of Washington.
In the public in the States, they long one man for the bus to begin with.
But on Monday, the matter came to a vote.
Senate voting to extend rent and tolls for six months,
or until January 1, 1951.
And after which the Suddrenken toll on a local option base.
I'm satisfied that rent and toll on national bases will go out on January 1, 1951.
At the Ashton tolls of the vote.
That was a margin of eight votes for the past 36th favoring and 28th opposed the mythical.
What are here thinking on the rent and toll issue at this time?
Well, I've drilled out in my mind, Charlie, that rent and toll is a necessary evil toll to begin.
Many communities have studied particularly in the large and deep.
The federal control of this nature is not a very close thing,
and we cannot continue it in dust.
How does an apartment are very tense with either the power of rent?
We can probably have no real relief in this situation until a housing size is sufficient for a defense.
And still practice the level of some of the states in New York, for example,
have adopted rent and toll measures, which appear to be even more stringent than the federal respondent.
Seven states, I believe, have decontrolled in silence.
The action of the United States should be apple warning to the states of the initiative which meets and tolls.
To work out a plan on a local basis by the first of the year.
Let me add, Charlie, that rent and toll is in a many respects, the fiscal story.
It's not in keeping with our three-unified systems.
It can only be justified as a war or emergency measure.
And our measures are to get rid of these and toll districts, and we can't.
I see now another way, yet to see the five-year-old's new fathers.
I refer to our great action.
No, there you are.
The United States is a threat back to the entire democratic world.
What adjustments are underway now that the cost of the country is increased?
Well, the Department of Agriculture has reported from 30 million fewer acres of wheat, farm, cotton, potatoes, and so forth.
Well, these managed this year than in wartime.
That was put out and pretty much the same acreage production that we had before the war.
Two-thirds of the American farmers voted in a referendum to accept the agriculture of the cotton plant or less plant.
This is calculated as a whole-land production.
This program presents a new problem for our farmers.
They must decide what to do with a land idle by the decreased acres.
Of course, some of the land being used during the war is marginal land,
although they did only because of it.
Great demand to the war.
Many of our Tennessee farmers will diverse this surplus acres of the texture for the raising of more and better lives.
What if you are used to satisfy our Tennessee farm legislation that you don't think?
No, I'm not, Charlie.
In front of them, from a wartime farm upon a Mississippi farm,
I think we need to enact a new legislation to bring our farm program up to date and on its foundation.
The other day, when you were interviewing your office by John McDonald regarding farm-stabbing,
did you ask something to say about the dining plan?
Yes, Mr. McDonald in five, I thought the dining plan would be adopted at this session.
That was a new question, of course, because it is obvious that no major farm bills must come out of this funding.
I told Mr. McDonald also that I felt that we are not yet ready for the dining plan,
and I didn't think the dining plan had the natural standards to enter to the farm's property.
Although I do think we should carefully consider any and all new proposals to actually feed ourselves from our session situation as regards our agricultural proposals.
What if you happen to know how farm production now prepares with our agricultural activities?
50 years ago?
Well, it was about five years large in 1949 and it was in 1900.
That's the illustration that will give you a better picture.
In 1900, one farm worker produced the Nuts Farm Stealth and seven others.
In 1945, one farm worker produced the Nuts Farm Stealth and 14 others.
That certainly a great, poverty thing.
Yes, and if we win the Cold War and are not forced into a shooting war,
one of the long-range results would be a larger supply and a better quantity of food for all the work.
All the farmers are great partners in the matter of American farming techniques.
Turning to another matter factor, didn't your harvest harvested committee holes here in Germany to hold the care of each program under the manufacturing need?
Yes, we heard in the conjunction with the farm relations committee of the Senate.
We heard secondary of state hatchet and other touchifying supports of the military aid programs.
Now, those committees consider the old biblical injunction that is needed.
Take it that the source, the caring status of the source.
Well, we have Charlie and his top promise to speak to it.
I do ever pick something for it.
I'll pair it by it with our military aid programs.
Here's the way I view the situation.
We cannot separate our interest and world peace from those that other nations need to work.
It is obvious that Russia is a constant and increasing threat to the peace.
The only defense Russia will understand is strength, moral, economic, political, and military.
Strength, thought, her, that the Soviet leaders will be fearful of aggressive moves.
From our own experience, we know that no one nation can provide its strength without destroying its own economy and becoming thereby too weak to resist for long.
We can share the economic requirements by doing our part and contrast with other nations' likeness to become strong enough jointly to destroy any Russian aggression against any other.
How does this military aid program fit into our focus on power?
Well, it seems to me that five things are necessary at the moment to complete our power and policy fixation.
We must continue to cooperate with the United Nations Organization.
We must institute the 24 children that are in the Marshall clan.
We must keep our own military force position from them.
We must join our armed services powers, our intelligence security actions,
that are of other friendly nations.
And our friends cannot harm themselves. We must help them, all of these can.
All of this is looking forward, of course, to the dying time and all of it.
We might have a real unity or integration where they spend the democracy, the non-disclasses, not by contrast.
But that is an amazing vision and they have landed union resolution without any functioning in front of them.
All of these practices can make economic decisions, militations, interrelations.
Yes, exactly. In fact, more so than our international policy recognizes it.
Our prosperity is meaningless unless we can be pure from the past.
Black lives, we cannot be militarily pure unless our economic condition is stable in the past.
There is also evidence that we can achieve neither economic nor military unity by ourselves.
Now this program is sometimes the first to use the armed implementation program under the Atlantic package.
Yes, the primary object of the Atlantic package is to group ourselves with our friends or to come into space.
But unless we talk about the re-perlations without a line, we are no better off than we work without.
The alliance is utterly worthless unless we assume the resources that we have and provide the nation unable to our decisions to resist and pack our gifts up and get their own arguments.
How might this be supposed to be extended to the other group in the banking system once?
Roughly $1 billion in the North Atlantic City area, there is a funny million increase in prices, 27 million in Iran and full of people in Korea.
75 million in the China region, this is something less than the United States.
A lot of money. Well, it is a lot of money, Charlie. But we have much to say.
The Soviet Union has shut about to destroy the must-be and arch-abival defend upon our defense.
There is no way to be useful in modern world to assist other nations to defend and defend our country.
The alternative is to abandon our free way of life and money isn't that important for a country.
I doubt that the American people will contain of this trend.
When they appreciate that this is the price of the existing freedom, I would not go about this problem as our leaders have if the decision were mine alone.
But under the procedure adopted I see no way out other than to approve this decision.
I think that the time is going to be out of danger and we are just about to open next week.
Yes, that is a great deal of interest in China's view and the fifth is wildlife.
Now I have invited Mr. Albert M. Bay, the director of the US Fish and Wildlife Service to be my guest.
He will be with us next week.
We will talk about something and fixing him, technically.
And I think our multitude is fortunate in China to even find its golden informative information.
I am sure many of them will be missing.
Next week is the fifth time and on this week.
If they have to keep on it, they will need to be actually the next week of wildlife service.
If you have got it, you can look back and listen to the doctor's box.
You are now joining us.
Okay, you are good.
You have a little subject to what you are going to say.
I will tell him over there that this is just a usual letter to say a lie.
I guess they are the same.
I mean, I wish you would tell him.
Hey Charlie, you are number one.
You have started keeping it out of this.
It is a very effective.
It is all I can do.
And I think that is the most important thing in the past.
Let's get that part on.